updated Certificate Compatibility page. - ISRG Root X1 transition. (#1096)
letsencrypt/website: content/en/docs/cert-compat.md

title: Certificate Compatibility
slug: certificate-compatibility
top_graphic: 1

> lastmod: 2020-08-16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lastmod: 2020-12-04
```

You may want to visit [this particular community forum discussion](https://community.letsencrypt.org/t/which-browsers-and-operating-systems-support-lets-encrypt/) for more information about compatibility.

> From **September 29, 2020**, Let’s Encrypt will change default certificate chain from DST Root X3 to ISRG Root X1. if you want your certificate to be trusted by ISRG Root X1 incompatible clients(ex. Android < 7.1.1), you should manually configure intermediate certificate with DST Root X3 cross-signed one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From **January 11, 2021**, Let's Encrypt will change the default certificate chain from DST Root CA X3 to ISRG Root X1. If you want your certificate to continue to chain up to DST Root CA X3, you should manually configure your client to request that chain.
```

> From **September 29, 2021**, Let’s Encrypt only issue certificate under ISRG Root X1. if you want your certificate to be trusted by ISRG Root X1 incompatible clients(ex. Android < 7.1.1), you should consider other CA.

Reviewer: Let's remove this line -- it'll probably be much earlier than that, and we want to have more control over how and when the actual date is announced.
